I'm sorry
Boston yeah I want to talk about the
plane crash what about it I was in it so
you were in the plane crashing I mean I
wasn't supposed to be on that plane but
I was on it and there was this guy who
was some sort of like secret agent or
something
[Music]
and he killed everybody on board
pilots are dead shot by who me actually
I shot the first pilot he shot the
second one accidentally yeah one of
those things
next thing you know I wake up I'm in my
room I have no idea I got there and then
I go to April's fitting because I have
to wear this ridiculous dress these
other guys these other agents come miss
havens you join us inside the car for a
moment I snatch me up mixing you don't
mine and Grand Theft Auto on the i-93
hey judge a beautiful dress
he's a wild
why are you touching my hand because I'm
here for you it makes total sense
April's getting married and that is
stressful hi June maybe I didn't make it
clear enough but we're gonna have to
stick together I'm sorry who are you
this is the guy I'm with you guys the
guy I'm the guy see whatever happens
please stay in the booth what are you
talking about no one follows us I kill
myself and then her
[Applause]
one tree ready ha ha what
sorry I panicked
what number would you like three yeah
let's just stick with three it's good
okay
[Music]